More TR edits (#1343)
hadley/r4ds: data-import.qmd

## Reading data from a file

To begin, we'll focus on the most common rectangular data file type: CSV, which is short for comma-separated values.
Here is what a simple CSV file looks like.
The first row, commonly called the header row, gives the column names, and the following six rows provide the data.

> The columns are separated, in other words delimited, by commas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The columns are separated, aka delimited, by commas.
```

If we read it without any additional arguments, `x` becomes a character column:

```{r}
df <- read_csv(simple_csv)
```

In this very small case, you can easily see the missing value `.`.
But what happens if you have thousands of rows with only a few missing values represented by `.`s speckled among them?
One approach is to tell readr that `x` is a numeric column, and then see where it fails.
You can do that with the `col_types` argument, which takes a named list where the names match the column names in the CSV file:

```{r}
df <- read_csv(
  simple_csv, 
  col_types = list(x = col_double())

>   )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
)
```

BTW have you tried http://github.com/lionel-/codegrip ?

Author: Yes, though haven't gotten to a place where I use it regularly, clearly need to!

-   `col_character()` reads strings. This is sometimes useful to specify explicitly when you have a column that is a numeric identifier, i.e. long series of digits that identifies some object, but it doesn't make sense to (e.g.) divide it in half, for example a phone number, social security number, credit card number, etc.
-   `col_factor()`, `col_date()`, and `col_datetime()` create factors, dates, and date-times respectively; you'll learn more about those when we get to those data types in @sec-factors and @sec-dates-and-times.
-   `col_number()` is a permissive numeric parser that will ignore non-numeric components, and is particularly useful for currencies. You'll learn more about it in @sec-numbers.
-   `col_skip()` skips a column so it's not included in the result, which can be useful for speeding up reading the data if you have a large CSV file and you only want to use some of the columns.

It's also possible to override the default column by switching from `list()` to `cols()`:

```{r}
another_csv <- "
x,y,z
1,2,3"

read_csv(
  another_csv, 
  col_types = cols(.default = col_character())

>   )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
)
```
